>> Jason Rodriguez: The next step up
from that is going to be using keyframe
animation, so
CSS animations inside of your email.
So this is cool cuz you can do more
complex stuff using CSS animations.
That keyframes property allows you
to set different waypoints for
when things should occur
in your animations.
So you can create really complex stuff.
We're gonna see a pretty simple example.
And then you can pair this again with that
transition property to make everything
kinda fade in and out, or
move around nicely and look really smooth.
So if you're not familiar
with CSS keyframes,
there's a couple of things
you need to worry about.
The main thing driving this is
the @keyframes property inside of CSS.
So this will go on
the head of your document.
And it tells the rendering engine that
you're setting up this animation that you
want to then call at some point.
So the way this works is
you have your keyframes.
And then you have your
animation name here, and
that's what you're going to
call later on for your element.
In this case, it's called animation-name.
And then, we have a class of whatever
the element is we're targeting and
trying to animate.
And we'll call that name down here
using this animation property.
So inside of the keyframe's curly
braces you have different states
that you're setting up.
So you can do something simple
like save from the state,
from these properties to this end state.
That can be anything from
the background color or
the color of an element
through to the positioning.
You can move things around the screen,
you can do all kinds of crazy stuff
inside of keyframe animations.
You could get more complex and
have different steps by using
percentages inside of that, 0 to 100%.
So if you want one thing to happen
in the first 20% of that animation,
then you'd say 20% and
then set all of your properties.
Then you could do 30%, 50%, 70%.
So you can have this stepped
approach to your animations, and
using that you can create
some pretty complex stuff.
For our purposes,
we're just gonna have simple states.
We're gonna have a faded out state, and
then a faded in state for our element so
there's this nice fading in animation for
our email campaign.
So if you open it up and it looks cool, it
kinda draws your attention to the campaign
but it's not overpowering or
anything like that.
So we'll just use from and to.
So you're going from one state,
the initial state, to another state,
which is that end state.
And then for any element we want
to apply this animation to,
we use this animation CSS property
which takes a whole bunch of
different rules in there,
different properties.
But the main ones we're looking at
are the duration of the animation itself,
how many times we want
the animation to play through.
And then calling the name
of the animation,
that keyframe animation
that we originally set up.